Adding note for private models in quick-tour document (#2548)
huggingface/text-generation-inference: docs/source/quicktour.md

    --model-id $model
```

> <Tip>
> If you’re looking to serve gated or private models, which provide
> controlled access to sensitive or proprietary content, check out
> [this guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/text-generation-inference/en/basic_tutorials/gated_model_access)
> for detailed instructions.
> </Tip>

Reviewer: I think you need a new line after `<Tip>` to make sure URLs are rendered properly. See the preview posted by the bot

```suggestion
<Tip>

If you’re looking to serve gated or private models, which provide
controlled access to sensitive or proprietary content, check out
[this guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/text-generation-inference/en/basic_tutorials/gated_model_access)
for detailed instructions.

</Tip>
```

    --model-id $model
```

<Tip>

> If you’re looking to serve gated or private models, which provide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to serve gated or private models, which provide
```

> controlled access to sensitive or proprietary content, check out

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
controlled access to sensitive or proprietary content, refer to
```
